[spin]: Rework trigger docs (#1450)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/v3/community-mqtt-trigger.md

> Please note: You can not `spin deploy` an application to Fermyon Cloud if it uses `mqtt` because non-HTTP triggers are not supported in Fermyon Cloud.

Let's look at how the [experimental MQTT trigger for Spin](https://github.com/spinkube/spin-trigger-mqtt) allows you to deploy an application that runs for every message received via MQTT. A MQTT trigger maps a configurable MQTT service to a specific component. For example:

<!-- @nocpy -->

```toml
[application.trigger.mqtt]
address = "mqtt://localhost:1883"
username = "user"
password = "password"
keep_alive_interval = "30"

[[trigger.mqtt]]
id = "mqtt-01"
component = "hello"
topic = "topic-one"
qos = "1"
```

> Note: A single Spin App could consist of multiple MQTT triggers invoking different components for individual topics, as shown in the next snippet

```toml
[application.trigger.mqtt]
address = "mqtt://localhost:1883"
username = "user"
password = "password"
keep_alive_interval = "30"

[[trigger.mqtt]]
id = "mqtt-01"
component = "hello-one"
topic = "topic-one"
qos = "1"

[[trigger.mqtt]]
id = "mqtt-02"
component = "hello-two"
topic = "topic-two"
qos = "1"
```

> In the snippet above, you can see that different components are instantiated and invoked for messages appearing in topics `topic-one` and `topic-two`.

Reviewer: You can't be triggered off different servers?  That seems like an oversight.

## Installing the MQTT Trigger

### Installing the MQTT Trigger Plugin

First, we install the plugin:

```bash

> spin plugin install --url https://github.com/spinkube/spin-trigger-mqtt/releases/download/canary/trigger-mqtt.json --yes

Reviewer: I thought we had stable versions in the plugins registry - is that not the case?  I'm wary of pointing people to canary builds.

```

### Installing the MQTT Trigger Template

Then, we install the template:

```bash
spin templates install --git https://github.com/spinkube/spin-trigger-mqtt --upgrade
```

## Creating the Application

With the plugin and template installed, we create a new application:

```bash
spin new -t mqtt-rust hello --accept-defaults
```

> As part of creating the new application, `spin` CLI will ask for the desired topic name. When asked, provide your topic name and confirm with `[ENTER]`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of creating the new application, Spin asks for the desired topic name. When asked, provide your topic name and confirm with `[ENTER]`. 
```

### Configuring the MQTT Connection

> The template will generate a Spin Application Manifest (`spin.toml`) for you. Configure the required settings under `[application.mqtt.trigger]` according to your needs. By default, the following configuration will be generated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template generates a Spin application manifest (`spin.toml`) for you. Configure the required settings under `[application.mqtt.trigger]` according to your needs. By default, the template generates the following configuration:
```

(generally preferring present tense, and active voice to identify _what_ does things (rather than them just happening!) - I know we are not consistent with this though)
